Removed "commit" from lobster-online-report tool (#210)
bmw-software-engineering/lobster: documentation/schemas.md

The *gh_root* is the github instance, for example
`https://github.com`. The *gh_repo* is the combination of user and

> repo, for example `bmw-software-engineering/trlc`. The *exec_commit_id* is

Reviewer: Can we replace the variable name with the name which user will understand?

Author: Done

> either a SHA on which the user had checkout before executing the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
either a SHA on which the user had checked out before executing the 
```

Author: Done
